Fix Multiple Stored XSS in Administration allowing execution of arbitrary JavaScript code (#1260)
eventum/eventum: CHANGELOG.md

See [Upgrading] for details on how to upgrade.

> - Fix bug stored xss - Data when render on FE allows execution of arbitrary javascript code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Multiple Stored XSS in Administration allowing execution of arbitrary JavaScript code, #1260
```

1. update changelog to make sense to the end user
2. add PR link

also, update PR title to match changelog entry
